
----------------------------------------
----------------------------------------

OK fix /media/ being destroyed during the release

OK make the coins page faster

OK crontab'da ip'yi girdim, domain aktarilinca tekrar coinium.app yapilacak. http de https yapilacak.

OK Add Disclaimer, Privacy and Terms

OK add new fields to profile page

OK add approved investor badge



'experience' part on the profile page - fill it in with edit profile button.

money managers can't be anonymous - full names are required to be displayed everywhere

homepage tasarimcilarla degistirdigimiz sekilde degisecek
    bunu da ekle: "training wheels for your eventual hedge fund"

investorlar icin ayri bir homepage yapilacak, asil homepage'den buna link verilecek
    bunu da ekle: "giving an expert that will make me money"

navbarlardaki stil farklari duzelcek

profil bootstrap 4'e gececek

portfolio'lardan para withdraw etme ozelligi yapilcak

para withdraw ederken kar'in %10'u portfolyoyu olusturan kullaniciya aktarilacak

portfolyolari modify etme ozelligi

on portfolio page: you invested $1000 to this portfolio

otomatik portfolyo generate edip son 1 ay performanslarina bakmak, iyi olanlari sitede gostermek (ya da direkt iyi olacaklari el ile generate etmek)

portfolyolarin performanslarini surekli olarak hesaplayip persist etmek ve sol ustteki grafikte gostermek gerek. anlik total degeri hesaplayacak duz bi sekilde (yeni gelen yatirimlarla arada kalan mesafe gercek performansi gosterecek)

feedback:
    I feel like it's missing some social proof though. I want to see who some of these "rockstar investors" are.

    How much is this going to cost? With something like Wealthfront, they charge a % of assets in the portfolio...I assume you are going to do something similar?

    you need to highlight the security of your platform. There have been lots of hacks in the crypto space and immediately I asked myself, "how safe is this"

sloganlarda fazla sanki scammer görüntüsü çizmemeye çalışmakta fayda var mesela hani en süper managerlar gelicek size portfolyo hazırlıycak yazınca altında bi isim misim ya da bişey görmezse birisi scam segisine kapılır

site giren insanda "size bi sürü para kazandırıcaz" izleniminden öte "size şöyle şöyle portfolyo managing imkanları sunuyoruz" izlenimi uyandırsın böylece giren adam kazanıp kaybetenin kendi elinde olduğu izlenimiyle girsin

portfolio sayfasindaki portfolio grafigi dinamik hesaplanacak (portfolyo olusturuldugu tarihten itibaren)

soldaki portfolyo renkleri degiscek
Nic'e, projeden bahset, coinbase venture fund'i ile ilgileniyoruz

"Find clever ways to find groups of like-minded people. Early on, I wrote an early Twitter script to follow a person’s followers. That person often blogged about the problem we were trying to solve. We found 100s of customers this way that were happy to try our product."
    - twitter hesaplari bul

"9/ Get early customers on chat. A few reasons: (1) a great way to get them to follow through on using the product because you can hold their hand & (2) invaluable way to get feedback & troubleshoot their issues to fix later in the product. I did this w/ the first 200+ customers."
    - siteye chat koy

"Research the history of your market. It will help you identify old & long-standing assumptions, challenging obstacles you too will face, and critical features it took old players a decade to realize to build. I failed to do this until we were 6 years in & it hurt us."
    - money management business'in gecmisini arastir / insanlara sor

zero to one'i shaun'a gotur

blog.coinium.app icin yazi yazmak ister misin diye Demir'e sor



siteye eklemek icin(deck'e de eklemeli; sirkete yatirim da daha safe bi bet oluyor bundan dolayi):
    "a global crisis is being expected in 2019 and CCs are inversely correlated with the performance of the world economy. learn the rules of the game and invest now."


